Promptless jack-in and connect (#2102)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/site/connect.md

!!! Note
    There is a Calva command for copying the Jack-in command line to the clipboard.

### Customizing Connect

If there is an nRepl port file, Calva will use it and not prompt for `host:port` when connecting. You can make Calva prompt for this by setting the boolean config `calva.autoSelectNReplPortFromPortFile` to `false`.

With the setting `calva.autoConnectRepl` you can make Calva automatically connect the REPL if there is an nRepl port file present when the project is opened.

> With this and the below mentioned auto-select options you can make connect a promptless experience. See: [Connect Sequences](connect-sequences.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this and the below mentioned auto-select options you can make connect a prompt-less experience. See: [Connect Sequences](connect-sequences.md).
```
